All right.
Now let's quickly look at the remainder
of the binary operator separate discussed previously
in the new class in the same project.
So I'm going to call this one binary operator examples two.
(typing).
This kind of showing examples
of the equal would not equal comparison operators,
are primitive data types, strings and objects
as you can see there.
Okay, we'll run the code.
Again (murmur) process there.
Now I want to quickly show some examples of the Bitwise OR
and an XOR operators
You can see what I'm doing here.
And I feel pretty confident saying that you know
that a Bitwise or bit is one if one
or the other operand bit is one.
And bit was and is one if both operand bit is one
And bit one is XOP is zero with both operand,
bits of the same value, otherwise it's one.
That's what we're seeking to do here to run
on the code.
And get the results as follows.
So the last set of binary operators,
last in the precedence order,
are the assignment operators.
So let's look at some of those with some example code.
I'll paste the code in there.
Okay, so there's the code look up back up to the top it.
(murmur)pasted in study.
The code is starting from line 72.
Now it's interesting to note that the assignment operators,
are not promoting the results of the compound assignments,
and that you can use these operators on smaller
than int variables.
So see what (murmur) various examples
as we move down the code, multiplicity of assignments,
noting that the variables are not promoted.
So I mentioned additive assignments noted variables again,
are not promoted.
Assignment operators with bit shift,
enterprise with bit xor or down here down the bottom.
Basically the assignment operators.
So lets run this now.
And here is results.
I just want to confirm that one statement
that I made earlier
that binary operators promote results at a minimum
(murmur) is true.
To do that, I'm going to pay some coding to show you that.
I'm going to enter the bottom here paste it in.
Okay, there's the code.
So you can see,
the code introduces a compiler error,
on the second segment of code,
but not on the first.
You can see that compounder assignment operators
are less restrictive as far as talking
but that in itself can lead to problems
as it did here with an overflow result.
(murmur) up here.
Code (murmur) found it.
I'll just comment that last break code out.
Alright so at this point,
when I look at the ternary operator,
this is the only operator in Java that's got three operands.
So its format is operand one, question mark,
operand two colon, operand three.
The ternary operator is often compared
to an if statement,
but it is an operator and not a statement.
And therefore it is either used in an expression
or a terms of value to a variable.
it cannot be a standalone statement.
The first operand must be a boolean value
or be an expression whose result is a boolean value.
The other operands datatypes can be anything
but both operands must share a common type.
So if one evaluates to true,
then the resulting value will be operand two.
If operating one is false,
then the resulting value will be operand three.
If operand two and operand three are both expressions,
only one of the expressions is ever evaluated,
based on the value of operand one.
It will never be the case
that both expressions are evaluated.
So, let's explore a few code examples for this.
So we gonna to create a work new class in this project.
Will call it Ternary operator
This is a very basic ternary operation so you can see there.
So if we run this
see the result is the result of example one equals false.
And obviously that's because we've got no arguments
at the moment.
So if we change this
and put an argument, parsing argument to a main method,
call it whatever like what is called an a-r-g one.
You can say we know got the output result of example one,
equals true.
We can make the first operand as complex as we wish
and return it in value.
To show you what I mean,
I'm gonna paste some more coding here.
So first if I run up,
keeping in mind I've got the wrong argument.
Now for now, what it's looking for,
we get the result of example two equals zero.
But if I change this,
and we'll get the argument when it's looking for
which is 10.
Okay, run it again.
This time was out of example two equals 10.
Now we can return values of different types
if we return them to an object variable.
So from pasting some code demonstrating that.
This card is demonstrating the result
of the ternary operation can be either an int or a string.
This is valid because we defined the variable assigned
to the expression to be of type object,
and the 10 will be box to an integer (murmur) automatically.
So we've actually run this.
You can see the result an example three equals 10.
If you run it again for different parameter.
Here says the result got not 10.
So that's using a top object.
But if we change the data type of object result,
which is currently an object,
we change it to a string,
we suddenly get a compile error.
So the literal value integer can be autoboxed to an integer,
a child of object.
But an integer operand and a string operand,
cannot return a result to a string.
That's because integer is not a child of string.
I can undo that changing I back to an object again.
The code is now compatible run up in the code works.
But so finally now,
the thing to know about the ternary operator
is that only one of the two operands,
operand two or operand three will get evaluated
if they are an expression or a method call,
or show the code.
So if we start by changing the argument to 10, again,
run the code.
Here it's demonstrating that the x variable
was incremented in the operand two expression,
but the y variable remained unchanged.
It was that what you're expected?
You can see that the result
because we passed the main method the argument
was looking for was assigned x before X was incremented,
but y never got incremented at all.
And this is because the ternary operator will execute,
one of the other operands but not both.
Another way to test this is to change the operands status.
That's remove the arguments altogether, programme arguments.
Run the code again,
You see that x was not incremented,
but y was as shown below.
Alright, so we've covered all the operators here.
And as we move forward in the course,
you'll be continually exposed to them
in our sample code as well.
So at this stage now we're going to start looking
at some of the more unusual constructs
and we'll do that in the next video.